warn users in apps README about the need for accurate system clock (#111)
stratum-mining/sv2-apps: miner-apps/translator/README.md

### Configuration Parameters

> Make sure the machine running your application has its clock synced with an NTP server. Certificate validation is time-sensitive, and even a small drift of a few seconds can trigger an `InvalidCertificate` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the machine running the Translator Proxy has its clock synced with an NTP server. Certificate validation is time-sensitive, and even a small drift of a few seconds can trigger an `InvalidCertificate` error.
```
